Add contributing guide (#254)
pinecone-io/canopy: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing to Canopy

Reviewer: can you add a link to this MD from the main MD?

Reviewer 2: +1

There should be a "how to contribute" section in the main MD with a link to this doc

Thank you for considering contributing to Canopy! We appreciate the time and effort you put
into making this project better. Following these guidelines will help streamline the process
and make it easier for both contributors and maintainers.

> ## Issues

Reviewer: This is great! I think we should say that also in the main README

For any question, please use the `Discussions` section rather than opening an issue. This helps keep the issue tracker 
focused on bugs and feature requests.

## Pull Requests

It is really simple to get started and create a pull request. Canopy is released regularly, so, you should see your
improvements released in a matter of days or weeks 🚀

Unless your change is trivial (typo, docs tweak etc.), please create an issue to discuss the change before
creating a pull request.

If you're looking for something to get your teeth into, check out the
["good first issue"](https://github.com/pinecone-io/canopy/issues?q=is:issue+is:open+label:%22good+first+issue%22)
label on GitHub.

### Prerequisites

You'll need the following prerequisites:

- Any Python version between **Python 3.9 and 3.11**
- [**Poetry**](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry)
- [**git**](https://git-scm.com/)
- [**make**](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)

### Installation & Setup

Fork the repository on GitHub and clone your fork locally.

```bash
# Clone your fork and cd into the repo directory
git clone git@github.com:<your username>/canopy.git
cd canopy

# Install canopy, dependencies and dev dependencies

> make install

Reviewer 2: Don't assume users have `make`.  
Give here the full `poetry install` command.

```

### Check out a new branch and make your changes

Create a new branch for your changes.

```bash
# Checkout a new branch and make your changes
git checkout -b my-new-feature-branch
# Make your changes...
```

### Document your changes
When contributing to Canopy, please make sure that all code is well documented. 

The following should be documented using properly formatted docstrings:

- Modules
- Class definitions
- Function definitions
- Module-level variables

Canopy uses [Google-style docstrings](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html#38-comments-and-docstrings) formatted 
according to [PEP 257](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/) guidelines. 
(See [Example Google Style Python Docstrings](https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example_google.html) 
for further examples.)

[pydoclint](https://github.com/jsh9/pydoclint) is used for linting docstrings. You can run `make lint` to check your docstrings.

If you are making changes to the public API, please update the documentation in the README.md file.

### Add the relevant tests

> After making your changes, make sure to add the relevant tests. If you are adding a new feature, add unit tests.
> If you are fixing a bug, add a regression test. Please make an effort not to copy and paste other tests, but instead
> try to use existing fixtures or create new ones. Also, prefer parametrizing the tests over duplication where possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All code changes to Canopy need to be covered by tests. After making your changes, make sure to add the relevant tests.   
If you are adding a new feature or functionality - please add a unit test by creating a new `test_<module_name>.py` file under the `tests/unit/` directory. Tests that require external integration to (e.g. communication with an API or service) should be placed under the `tests/system/` directory. If you are fixing a bug, add a regression test case to the existing test file.   

Please make an effort to avoid code duplication. Some unit tests have a common base class that can be extended. Other tests use fixtures to parameterize the same test cases over several subclasses. Instead of copy-pasting other test cases, try to utilize these mechanism as much as possible.```

### Run linting, static type checking and unit tests
Run the following to make sure everything is working as expected:

```bash
# Run unit tests

> make test-unit

Reviewer 2: Again, I don't think we should assume `make` as a requirement.  
Either completely replace these with the full command, or at least explain "on linux\mac do this, on windows do that"

# Lint the code
make lint 

# Run static type checking
make static

# There are a few more sub-commands in Makefile like which you might want to use.
# You can run `make help` to see more options.
```

### Run system and integration tests
In order to fully test the changes you need to create a Pinecone and an OpenAI account, 
and set the following environment variables:

```bash
export PINECONE_API_KEY="<PINECONE_API_KEY>"
export OPENAI_API_KEY="<OPENAI_API_KEY>"
```

You might need to include more environment variables based on the components you are testing. Please refer to the
[README](https://github.com/pinecone-io/canopy/blob/main/README.md) for more details.

In order to run all tests including system and integration tests, run the following:

```bash
# Run all tests
make test

# Alternatively, you can run the tests individually
# make test-system
# make test-e2e
```

### Commit and push your changes

> Commit your changes, push your branch to GitHub, and create a pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your code has been committed and pushed to Github, all linters and tests are passing - please use Github's website to open a Pull Request.
```
